Yves and Go Won TV
What should we call it?
Y Go Moya~~
Huh!? I like that~~
Y(ves) Go(Won) Moya TV – the first episode
Is there any funny episode while we prepare our comeback?
In my choreography,
there is this scene where I step on Yves and Olivia Hye~
But Go Won was… actually…
just bad!
And by this time…. I thought she is now able to do the lift,
but she kept making mistakes…
Or is trying to do it on purpose?
Oh you knew that??
Yeah… I felt it
So if we do comeback, please pay attention to Go Won who is bugging me!
How about we do selfie time?
Y(ves) Go(Won) Moya TV is actually filled with a lot of contents
Oh~ man~ We have lots of good pictures~
Don’t forget to capture our images~
Ending!
Thank you for watching Y(ves) Go(Won) Moya TV!